[Music]
ten secret smartphone features you'll
want to try right now your smartphone is
most likely one of your dearest
possessions this device contains your
whole life and you're probably sure that
you know every single thing your phone's
technology can offer but if we were you
we wouldn't be so confident about this
there are numerous secret codes and
hidden options most users know nothing
about of course everything depends on
the model of your phone its operating
system and sometimes even your network
provider here are some of the most
widespread hacks collected in one video
before you turn your gadget into a James
Bond super phone subscribe to our
Channel and ring the notification bell
this way you'll be the first to find out
about our cool new videos that appear on
the bright side of life every day 10
learn your smartphone's IMEI number
quickly if you want to learn the IMEI of
your smart phone type in star pound zero
six pound the IMEI number will appear on
the screen and in case you're wondering
what the IMEI is and why you need to
know it here's the answer an IMEI number
is unique for every cell phone and can't
be changed it's very different from the
sin number which is connected to your
SIM card
however network providers capture both
numbers when they enable their services
thus if your phone is stolen or lost you
can contact your provider and they will
block the IMEI number now nobody will be
able to connect to the network and waste
your money after that a representative
of your center can contact other
providers with a request to block the
device law enforcement also keeps track
of lost and recovered phones by using
their IMEI s9 use your smartphone as a
DVR or dash camera your smart phone can
serve as a DVR or dash camera if you
secure it in your car simply install it
in a place where it will have the best
view of the road to improve its
effectiveness download a special DVR app
it goes without saying that it's always
better to have a real DVR but if you're
in a rented car why not use this D
why - camera 8 check where your
smartphone forwards incoming calls codes
star pound six seven pound will allow
you to see which number your smartphone
is currently using to forward incoming
calls when you don't answer if you
haven't previously tampered with the
settings your calls are probably
forwarded to your provider's voicemail
service but you can replace it with any
other number such as your office phone
home number or somebody else's phone if
you have an iPhone you can change the
number by going to settings phone call
forwarding on an Android it will be the
phone app hamburger icon settings call
more settings call forwarding 7 save
memory on your phone however big your
smart phones memory storage is one day
you recognize in horror that it's full
in this case you can use cloud services
such as iCloud or Dropbox backup your
data onto a PC or use a memory card but
have you ever considered telegram
messenger for your data storage the
thing is that telegram allows you to
send links files and text to yourself
and all of this is securely preserved in
its cloud storage all you need to do is
find your number there 6 make your
calculator app a more efficient
unfortunately this trick will only work
if you're an iPhone owner almost
everyone has had this irritating
experience at least once you open the
calculator app and start entering a long
number
but as per Murphy's Law something goes
wrong and you miss type a digit or two
time to start over again
not so fast swipe left or right over the
number it doesn't matter which one every
following swipe will remove one digit
from the number on the screen 5 open
several apps side by side this trick
works perfectly well on Android devices
you have the option of running two apps
side by side or one above the other
isn't that the perfect opportunity for
multitasking to enable this mode hit the
overview button a square icon located
below the screen pick the apps you want
to open simultaneously after that drag
the title bars to the left or
top of the display now choose one or
more app to appear under or alongside
the first one for make items on the
screen larger or smaller this is a cool
trick for Android users if you strain
your eyes trying to figure out what you
see on the screen you can zoom in on
text and objects unfortunately not all
apps respond to such adjustments but
most do open the Android settings and
choose display from this menu pick the
font size link and tap it this will
allow you to change the default font
size on your phone by the way this works
both ways and if you want to cram as
much info onto the screen as possible
and don't mind some serious squinting
you can make the font really really tiny
the display size link will let you make
on-screen objects appear smaller or
larger three hide your number for an
outgoing call you can easily hide your
number for an outgoing call to do so use
a simple code when you enter star pound
three one pound your number will be
hidden for all calls and if you need to
keep your number secret for just one
particular call type pound three one
pound right before you enter the number
you're going to call to make your
Android phone more efficient voice
detection when the screen is off if you
have an Android phone with voice
detection you can use its a voice search
function even when your screen is locked
not sure if your phone has this option
then open Google Settings search and
Google now voice okay Google detection
always-on in the same screen you'll also
be able to teach Google to recognize
your voice accessing Chrome from other
devices is Chrome your default browser
great you can access chrome tabs that
are open on your smart phone by using
other smartphones or tablets make sure
you're connected to Chrome and then open
a new tab you'll be greeted by the
recent tabs option in the bottom right
corner of the screen
if you tap it you'll see all the URLs
that are open on your other devices
scanner you don't need to look for a
massive scanner if you need to get a
digital copy of a document
your smartphone can easily replace this
device and while the quality will not be
quite as good as with a real scanner the
process will be much faster there are
several ways to turn your smartphone
into a scanner for example you can use
Google Drive or download apps such as
Evernote or camScanner one make your iOS
phone more efficient fast redial in the
iPhone app open the keypad screen and
press the green call button this will
let you see the last dialed number
faster touch ID if you want your touch
ID to work more quickly make different
entries for the same fingerprint pick
the finger you use most often this works
especially well on older models such as
the iPhone 5s and iPhone 6 burst mode on
your camera to enable the burst mode on
your smartphone press and hold the
camera shutter button now it will shoot
many photos at a time close many apps at
once give your home button a double tap
this will open the app switcher after
that use two or even three fingers to
slide several apps closed with a swipe
up view unread emails if you have a
habit of collecting unread emails this
feature will come in handy open the
mailbox app and tap the mailbox link
which is on the top right corner after
you click Edit check the circle next to
unread there you go you have a brand new
folder that includes only the emails you
haven't read yet do you know any other
secret tricks to improve the
effectiveness of your smart phone tell
us in the comments below and press the
like button if you're going to use at
least one phone hack from this video
[Music]